All the staff is absolutely professional ! !
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
Great seasonal fish and seafood , with a classy waterfront setting .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
The food however , is what one might expect .
Excellent food for great prices
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
It was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ... .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
Pizza was a little soggy .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
Try green curry with vegetables .
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess .
Great Indian Food !
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
The host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
it was really good pizza .
There was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
Staff is very accomodating .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
Check out the art on the walls , very colorful !
This bar has it all - great drinks , cool atmosphere , excellent service and delicious food .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
But , they were too big for the bun .
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
my service was stellar !
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
The food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
So much more than the usual bar food , go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers .
The food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , I just could n't justify it for the price ( including 2 drinks , $ 100/person ) ...
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
The pastas were pretty good .
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
Not only is the food authentic , but the staff here are practically off-the-boat , they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine .
I recomend the chicken milanese .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
– Great financial district mexican spot .
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
The waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
No green beans , no egg , no anchovy dressing , no nicoise olives , no red onion .
Our waiter was non-existent and after our food finally arrived over an hour after we ordered , we were not given any water or utensils .
Check out the secret back room .
The food was very well prepared .
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
The food is excellent !
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
The food was ok , but the service was so poor that the food was cold buy the time everyone in my party was served .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
Overall , this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth it superb food .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
Not impressed with the food .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
The food came out wrong , the waiter was no where to be found and the wine showed up at the end of the meal .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
Not alot of smoking places left in New York , but I have found my favorite smoking balconey in the city .
Service was very good and warm .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
Service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf 's liver are my favorites !
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
Tiny restaurant with very fast service .
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
Hands down the best pizza on the planet .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d ' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED .
Never too crowded and always great service .
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Service was wonderful ;
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
I 've been to several places for Dim Sum and this has got to be the WORST .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
The portions are now very small , the sauces are overly ambitious usually inedible while the service is still good , the restaurant , due to its popularity , seems frantic .
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming .
Amazing food .
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
The food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
I highly recommend this beautiful place .
– I really enjoyed my meal here .
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
The fish was really , really fresh .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
Enjoyed the food
Look , the appetizers were really good .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
Menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
The service is ok but could be better .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
Save room for deserts - they 're to die for .
However , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
We a menu that rarely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had ! !
Nice food but no spice !
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
The DJ is awesome , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back .
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
great hot dogs .
Favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
Even the chickpeas , which I normally find too dry , were good .
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
The waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
I love this place
We shared the family platter and I especially enjoyed the black cod in sake kasu .
Good drink .
The presentation of Snooze is excellent and it is one of those places that you feel more sophisticated just for being there ; but peel back the layers and you have an overpriced IHOP with a high brow menu .
The best burger I have had in the Village .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
What a great place !
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
To start things off , our lovely server Brooke was quickly on hand to take my drink order .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
The service was great , and they have a whole great deal for birthdays .
The crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
Endless fun , awesome music , great staff ! ! !
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
The bread is top notch as well .
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
The food was good overall .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
Service -- friendly and attentive .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
For desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
the ambiance of the restaurant was nice and good for fine dinning .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
Seabass on lobster risotto was the best .
Their apps are all delicious .
Nice view of river and NYC .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
Be sure to try the Smoked Trout ... Lamb Chops , Veal Chops , Rabbit , the potato gratin , on and on and on ...
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
Freshest sushi – I love this restaurant .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
Ambiance relaxed and stylish .
The worst though was the taste .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
The pizza here is delicious .
Food was average but tasty .
I have been to this place , folks and it is BAD .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
You won ’ t be disappointed by their menu .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
– I loved the pumpkin ravioli and the goat cheese gnocchi ( 5 big ones to a plate instead of 20 or so little gnocchis ) and my sister loved her filet mignon on top of spinach and mashed potatoes .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
While this diner had reasonably good food , the restaurant staff seemed completely indifferent to our presence , and this attitude was reflected in the lack of service .
The atmosphere is aspiring , and the decor is festive and amazing ...
my favorite place lol
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
What an amazing meal and experience !
We stood there for 10 minutes while employees walked back and forth ignoring us .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
Two complaints -- their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
Best meal in a long time !
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger , made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas , carrots and other vegetables and spices .
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
The price very reasonable .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
WHAT ELSE CAN YOU SAY NICE PEOPLE AMAZING FOOD WOW
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
The place is beautiful !
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The flavors are very fresh and pretty unobtrusive , nothing flashy .
It was such a fantastic dining experience , that I returned again the same week .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap .
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I 've ever tasted .
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
At best , the food was good and definately overpriced .
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ... ..very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ... ..all on Roosevelt Avenue !
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
I had yummy lamb korma , saag paneer , samosas , naan , etc .
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out ! ! ! !
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
Much more than just a great view !
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
Great selection of wine , and seafood .
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito ( or tacos ) , margarita , and dessert .
They have an excellent selection ( the rolls with crab are really great ) .
Worst Service I Ever Had
Great Pizza , Poor Service
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
the fish was fresh , though it was cut very thin .
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
good sake selection .
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
To the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretentious setting .
Good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
I complained to the manager , but he was not even apologetic .
Caution - its real food for people who love the best .
The service is really attentive and charming .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food quality and service overcompensate .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
– Great drinks , corn beef hash , coffee , B Fast burritos , Gluten Free menu .
Great bottle of wine .
The band was very good and the service was attentive .
Ravioli was good ... but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
Definitely not worth the price !
Not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy ( try the duck !
great service
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
Maybe it was the great company ( I had friends visiting from Philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but I just can ’ t say enough good things about this brasserie .
The food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
Simple comfort food and what hot and large portions .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
The chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( I have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the Chilli Chicken .
No free drink .
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
The food now is inconsistent .
The food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
Yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place !
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
They have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
What generous portions !
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food .
Great food .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you do n't .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
The service was great as well .
Raymond the bartender rocks !
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
we love th pink pony .
The decor was beautiful and unique .
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT ! !
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
Great Atmosphere
( The sashimi is cut a little thinly .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
Can get busy on Fridays for a table but once seated , the service is so efficient you can be in and out of there quickly .
I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .
so about the prawns , they were fresh and had a slight crispiness about the batter ... soooo good ... the walnuts were cut in smaller pieces and very crunchy and tasty .
The main draw of this place is the price .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
The food was spicy and delicious .
The sashimi was the freshest and most tender I have ever tasted .
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
You would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
– Best Mexican place for lunch in the financial district .
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
the dinner menu offers a variety of great entrees , including fresh seafood and huge steaks , there 's also a couple of non-meat alternatives .
Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .
I have a but here - there was a bathroom attendant in the restroom which was odd .
The location is perfect .
Straight-forward , no surprises , very decent Japanese food .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
The appetizer was interesting , but the Creme Brulee was very savory and delicious .
The food was absolutely amazing ! !
On a recent trip , our waiter was extremely dismissive , while no less than three staff members waited hand-and-foot on a pair of Japanese girls seated nearby .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
If you 're looking for a great meal at a decent price , go to Del Frisco 's !
Mussles and calamari were superb Saturday evening .
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
Love the enchiladas and chicken soup - and be sure to check out their specials .
Chintzy portions
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
The atmosphere was just okay .
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent -the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
Dessert : pure disaster .
All the food was hot tasty .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
Amma is nothing special .
Orsay , is a very pleasant throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
The service is fantastic at this fun place .
The ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
Great sake !
Great Indian food
I love to visit Murrays for my bagel fix .
The fried rice is amazing here .
They make the best pizza in New Jersey .
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
The prices are wonderfully low .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
The frizzy retro girl ( with winged/ Dame Edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
It 's just O.K . pizza .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
Service friendly and attentive .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
I am happy i did the food was awesome .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
This place is a great bargain .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
The best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly Hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
Good luck getting a table .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
Appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money .
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
Best Crab Cakes in Town
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
The meat dishes were only so-so .
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
The wine list is excellent .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
Unbeatable sushi !
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
I swore never to return for a warm beer and mediocre meal .
Great food , better Margaritas !
The service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
I highly recommend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
Give it a try , menu is typical French but varied .
The service was ok .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious ! ! !
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99/lb at the store .
This is a great place to get a delicious meal .
A con was the slow bar service .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
The service is pretty good .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
The food is not what it once was ( potions have seriously seen downsizing ) prices have gone up , and the service is the worst I have experienced anywhere ( including mainland Europe ) .
– The food was not great & the waiters were rude .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
But the space is small and lovely , and the service is helpful .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
And really large portions .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
Try ordering from the regular menu , then you would not regret !
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
The side dishes were passable , and I did get a refill upon request .
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree , which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better .
I was pleasantly surprised at the taste .
Bison was quite excellent however .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
Great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
The staff is pretty friendly .
I had a taste of all three items on her plate , and they were superb .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
I generally like this place .
I love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also VERY good .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
Tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
Dessert is a joke ... dont bother
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Save room for scrumptious desserts .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
fine dining restaurant quality .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
The steak was done to my exact liking ( medium rare ) and was nice and juicy .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
Serves really good sushi .
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12- $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
The sommelier is fantastic , down-to-earth , & extremely knowlegable .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
For the finicky sushi eater and those who have sampled the best NYC has to offer , the fish is the freshest and the service is superb .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
This is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and I can not comp it .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
– I am exceedingly pleased to report that my dinner at Ray 's Boathouse last Friday completely exceeded my expectations .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excellent recomendations .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
For me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
The service was dreadfully slow ( the place was only half full ) and a smile would have been nice ...
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
Try the homemade breads .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The food is amazing ! ! ! !
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
Dessert was also to die for !
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
I was speechless by the horrible food .
plenty of food , trust me .
Very poor customer service .
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awesome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
i am never disappointed with there food .
– Mioposto has a very creative & delicious pizza menu .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
Oh , and I never write reviews -- I just was so moved by how bad this place was , I felt it was my duty to spread the word .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
His food is excellent ( and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
Perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
After waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
Zero ambiance to boot .
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
This place has the best Indian food in New York , hands down .
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a 'special ' bagel experience .
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded : ) : ) : )
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
LOVE THIS PLACE .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
– This is one of my top lunch spots , huge portions , fast service and amazing margaritas ! !
The waiter was a bit unfriendly and the feel of the restaurant was crowded .
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
Horrible food and horrible service .
However , this place is a gem , and I wo n't stop going back .
I was frankly shocked when I read the bad reviews - this place is fantastic ; it has not let us down in any way , and we 've eaten here more than 10 times .
Subtle food and service
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
For my entr & eacute ; e , I completely enjoyed the seared Alaskan sea scallops complemented by chard , artichoke hearts , fennel , and pecorino toscano .
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
The lunch special is an absolute steal .
Furthermore , while the fish is unquestionably fresh , rolls tend to be inexplicably bland .
The portions are big though , so do not order too much .
The happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
The sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
It is n't the cheapest sushi but has been worth it every time .
The food was great .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
The food tasted very good .
The service is awful -- the last time I was there ( and I do mean the last time ) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
Be sure to try the oyster roll .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
It was pleasantly uncrowded , the service was delightful , the garden adorable , the food ( from appetizers to entrees ) was delectable .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
The space is traditional in feel .
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
Definitely has one of the best jukebox 's i 've seen in a long long time .
But the service is HORRID !
the turkey burgers are scary !
The food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
Fantastic place .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
I had the best ravioli ever .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
Way too much money for such a terrible meal .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
The pancakes should be larger ( at least 8 '' ) to justify the expense even with the unique offerings .
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
The food was boring and expensive .
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
I have been here , spent tons of money on a chef special dinner and it was a major dissappointment .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience ! ! !
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent ! !
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
My gf 's duck confitte was very solid as well , although i have little base of reference .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices .
AVOID THE PLACE
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
plus , i am allergic to rice , and the waitstaff was unbelievably accomodating -- did n't even bat an eye !
Excellent food , nice ambience , fairly expensive
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
The food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
The place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what I could tell , a reasonable wine list ( I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins )
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
The food is just OKAY , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
The menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
Best Indian food in L.A .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
Drinks are suberb , and I feel like I am in a Third World country when I walk in the door .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
Most importantly , we were so excited about the food after seeing the very creative menu .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years , now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ... .Hanx
The staff is very friendly .
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
Their crab eggs benedict is addicting .
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
The food was actually aweful .
It 's located in a strip mall near the Beverly Center , not the greatest location , but the food keeps me coming back for more .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
The entree was also very good .
Food was amazing - I love Indian food and eat it quite regularly , but I can say this is one of the best I 've had .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
The fried rice is really good too .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we 've ever had .
The restaurant offers an extensive wine list and an ambiance you wo n't forget !
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
but the food was delicious .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare .
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
My g/f and I both agreed the food was very mediocre especially considering the price .
I recommend any of their salmon dishes ... ...
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
The ceiling is amazing !
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
This place is not worth the prices .
I love this restaurant
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
Our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
I 've always found the wait staff and , if you sit at the bar , the cooks very friendly .
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq ...
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with Brahma .
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
Service was very friendly .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
Delivery is fast too .
food was luke warm .
Drinks way over priced .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic , alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods , the tastes , the experiance .
You must try the garlic soup !
– How to describe the best sushi in NYC : hmmmm , delicious , amazing , fantastic , suculent , perfect , nah , all of the above .
People are always friendly .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City , not just Brooklyn ...
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
They pay such detail to everything from miso soup to complex rolls .
The food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices .
The staff offers impeccable service .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
This is the place to relax and enjoy the finest quality food the industry can offer .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
The staff was really friendly .
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
The food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
The food was great and the service was even better .
Definite go if you 're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
the food was undercooked -the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING ?
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine ! !
The menu looked great , and the waiter was very nice , but when the food came , it was average .
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
What a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
And the food was fantastic .
Avoid this place !
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
But the coconut rice was good .
less wait time for me !
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future .
I LOVE their Thai
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
bad staff
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty , most delicious food and kept it that way ...
Tiny dessert was $ 8.00 ... just plain overpriced for what it is .
Holy Hummus !
The food was bland oily .
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
I think the meatball parm is good .
It 's the perfect spot for a romantic date for 2 or a secret rendezvous !
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
The Thai food is good .
Disappointingly , their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
Reasonable prices .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
– My husband and I love eating at Mioposto Café .
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
Good food !
great lunch spot
I also really enjoy the simplicity of the decor and intimate feeling of a small restaurant .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
The pizza is good though .
Groovy music made the dinner casual .
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
I got the shellfish and shrimp appetizer and it was alright .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
Host and Hostess was quite rude .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
The food was good .
The atmosphere was great .
The naan was some of the best I 've had and I really enjoyed the bhartha , not too tomatoey .
The atmosphere is great ! ! !
They have a wide variety of fish and they even list which oceans they come from ; Atlantic or Pacific .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
In mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
The fettucino alfredo was amazing .
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
I always get the Shabu-Shabu dinner and the beef is always fresh .
The flavors robust and subtle .
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
– ... and the best summertime deck experience -- they will even bring you a blanket if you get cold in the Seattle evening weather .
Service is fast and friendly .
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT 's .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
I liked the atmosphere very much but the food was not worth the price .
now called nikki sushi , sushi is OK .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
What a great place .
It was n't the freshest seafood ever , but the taste and presentation was OK .
Melt in your mouth nigiri and sashmi , and very tasty rolls too .
I had the kafta plate and I enjoyed it .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda disappointing .
There was no ambiance .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ... ... .our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
The service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
The sushi is as fresh as it comes ? you 'd think ocean was in their backyard , no joke !
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
This place has the best sushi in the city .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat , of any food group - hands down
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
The only positive thing about Mioposto is the nice location .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
Our waiter was fine , the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way , but at those prices , a little more should be expected of your food .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
their dinner specials are fantastic .
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Our food was great too !
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
If you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
Once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh .
The bagel was huge .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderful .
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic ! !
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year , though .
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks ...
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
It 's easy to get a table for a large group and you do n't get hustled out .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
Patsy 's Pizza - true love
A perfect place to take out of town guests any time of the year .
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
the brocollis were so fresh and tasty .
Green Tea creme brulee is a must !
He served me an Uni Hand roll , which I never had before , and let me tell you ... IT WAS HEAVEN !
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
The cold sesame noodles , which are a freebie when you order $ 10+ , are delectable .
Great food , good wine and an excellent host .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) ! ! !
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
I heard the lobster roll was excellent .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
We left without ever getting service .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
The food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
Everyone who works there ( the host , the bartender , the servers ) is so helpful .
The service was very attentive and very generous .
Highly recommended ... As stated , I have n't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
Food was good and appetizing .
Service was quick .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicious the food and the service was .
Great wine list and great cocktail menu .
Ray 's is something of a Seattle institution , but given its gorgeous Sound views , I had suspected that the accolades were more due to the scenery than to the food and service .
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
– In a age of incremental cost cutting in restaurants , its nice to see a place that bucks that trend , and just plain delivers high quality food and good service , period .
Fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
Love the scene first off- the place has a character and nice light to it..very fortunate , location wise .
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
They have some great entrees here as well .
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
The food is sinful .
The staff is arrogant , the prices are way high for Brooklyn .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad ( they are all good )
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
I may not be a sushi guru but I can tell you that the food here is just okay and that there is not much else to it .
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
Food - awesome .
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
The main entree was also very good .
Finally a curry that I can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
Be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
The owners are great fun and the beer selection is worth staying for .
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
Each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
I appreciate their delivery too .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
You should pass on the calamari .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in NYC .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
A beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
Fabulous Italian Food !
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
Probably my worst dining experience in new york , and I 'm a former waiter so I know what I 'm talking about .
The hostess was very pleasant .
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service .
Montparnasse 's desserts -- especially the silken creme brulee and paper -- thin apple tart -- are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
Most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME ! ! ! !
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
Hands down , the best tuna I have ever had .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
Brunch at Murphy 's is to die for , my specialty ... egg white omelet , the food is always freshly prepared .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
It 's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
I was highly disappointed by their service and food .
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
Great food at reasonable prices .
Owner is pleasant and entertaining .
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
Fast service .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
Food was decent , but not great .
The chicken pot pie is exceptional , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot ! ! ! !
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
the food was great , the margaritas too but the waitress was too busy being nice to her other larger party than to take better care of my friend and me .
However , once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
Everything on the menu is great .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
Service was among the best I have ever had in NYC .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
but the service was a bit slow .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings ! ! !
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
If you 're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service , definitely visit Curry Leaf .
When I walked in , I was taken aback by their incredible wood decor .
At peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
I love the warm & cosy environment .
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
The best Chuwam Mushi I have ever had .
If you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quiet and exquisite choice .
Great food , great prices , great service .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
Terrible service , food ok , pricey
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
The lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
Server made several sake suggestions which were very good .
– I do n't understand how I was a stranger to this place for so long ... the fajita salad , the colorado , the fajitas - EVERYTHING is delicious .
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
Salads were fantastic .
skip dessert .
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
The food was wonderful and imaginative .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
BEST spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
The food here was mediocre at best .
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
Great place , great value .
Somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
Service was kind of slow , our waitress took forever to give us our check even though it was n't that busy .
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .
The food is delicious .
– I ca n't believe Murphy 's has been around for over 25 years , amazing .
My mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being Indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
The fried calamari was even better !
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
The wine list is also really nice .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they 're all delicious .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
It 's the conversations that make this a fun place to be .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I 've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
The food is fantastic , authentic , delicious and very , very affordable .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try Sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
great food
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
The best calamari in Seattle !
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese ... .both very tasty .
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious .
Service is top notch .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
I had a great time at Jekyll and Hyde !
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e . make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
The desert was the perfect ending to an almost perfect dinner .
The family seafood entree was very good .
The service is decent even when this small place is packed .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
Very `` normal Indian food '' , but done really well .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
The service was exceptional - sometime there was a feeling that we were served by the army of friendly waiters .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
good sake , good food – i honestly do n't know much about japanese food at all .
Great value sushi with high quality & nice setting .
Gross food – Wow-
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
The sushi is also great !
The catering is out of this world , and Raouls chicken vegetable soup rocks my world ! ! !
What really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
The food there are sastifying .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
The drinks are always well made and wine selection is fairly priced .
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly .
However , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
Personally I like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
And the upstairs is a great place to hang out .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
Much more reasonably priced too !
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
The service was quick and friendly .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
) It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards , but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT .
In addition to great hot dogs , DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins , a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham .
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
Sandwiches , burgers and salads , like the lemon-dressed cobb , are classic successes .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
Mama Mia – I live in the neighborhood and feel lucky to live by such a great pizza place .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d ' was pretty rude .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
The pizza was really good .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
The scallops are apparently cooked in a black olive butter which really makes them unique ( not to mention tasty ) .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
Indo Chinese food , pretty good ...
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
Food wise , its ok but a bit pricey for what you get considering the restaurant is n't a fancy place .
Sure , the setting is nice .
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
There was a really nice vibe about the place ... good music , atmosphere and happy looking people .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70+ with only one selection listed at $ 30+ .
Great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
The service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
Overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
My favortie pizza joint in Seattle
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
One caveat : Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh .
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms .
The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi .
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine ! ! !
The entire staff was extremely accomodating and tended to my every need .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
Our server continued to be attentive throughout the night , but I did remain puzzled by one issue : Who thinks that Ray 's is an appropriate place to take young children for dinner ?
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
Excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
There 's another girl who I ca n't describe , she is about 5'6 '' with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're *really* talking about .
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
Favorite Sushi in NYC
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
– Love their pizza , especially the mushroom pizza .
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
Great food , great decor , great service .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
The service is fantastic .
If you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .
The appetizers are also delicious !
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
The cafe itself was really nice with comfortable outdoor chairs and tables , but the service could have been better .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
best honey walnyt prawns that we have every tasted .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
Our server was very professional and friendly .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
Many people talk about the great pizza and poor service , so it ca n't just be the rantings of a few dissatisfied customers .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
The food is great and they make a mean bloody mary .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
As usual the omikase did n't disappoint in freshness , although it scored low on creativity and selection .
Faan is sooo good .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
All toppings are so fresh you 'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect , that one actually thinks of how it was made .
The dim sum however was very good .
The burger was great , also .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good ( kimono shrimp special was excellent ) and has a great atmosphere .
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
Pizza here is consistently good .
The regular menu here is slightly above average that is not worth the snotty attitude that you receive .
Good Food
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied ( not stuffed ) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
I picked the asparagus , which turned out to be incredible and perfectly prepared .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
This place is always packed .
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1/2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
The place was nice and calm .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
The food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
Great Breakfast
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
The wine list is extensive , well priced and covers alot of regions .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
The food is top notch , the service is attentive , and the atmosphere is great .
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
Result ( red velvet ) : Great texture , soft and velvety , nice hint of cocoa .
it 's a perfect place to have a amazing indian food .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
Rice is too dry , tuna was n't so fresh either .
The waiter was attentive .
Decent wine selection too .
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them .
Great food , spectacular location , and friendly service keep us coming back year after year .
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare .
The veal was incredible last night .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat ! ! !
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz 's Deli down on the Lower East Side .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
Great Shabu Shabu
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
And , the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy !
Not only can the selection be innovative , but there 's a nice balance of traditional sushi as well .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
The outside patio area has an abbreviated menu .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
I absolutely love this place ! ! !
This place is so much fun .
I love breakfast here .
Great draft and bottle selection and the pizza rocks .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow .
My girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
The comments about fried foods is correct ( below ) but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads ( avocado shrimp ) were quite good .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
The omlette for brunch is great ...
Great survice
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
The absolute worst service I 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
My Chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean , Jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had !
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
The service was attentive .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
The decor is rustic , traditional Japanese .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
It 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
After complaining about the chicken dish , the manager came over to tell us that , no one had ever complained before , and that we just did n't know what the dish was supposed to taste like .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
Cool atmosphere but such a let down .
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews , but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
While there 's a decent menu , it should n't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza .
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
Service is average .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
Atmosphere is a bore .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
Authentic Pakistani food .
Overall the food quality was pretty good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
Another plus is the open feel of the restaurant with glass walls on all sides .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and comfortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
Try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
i would normally not finish the brocolli when i order these kinds of food but for the first time , every piece was as eventful as the first one ... the scallops and prawns was so fresh and nicely cooked .
I would highly recommend requesting a table by the window .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
– The food is here is incredible , though the quality is inconsistent during lunch .
The service is awful .
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . ! !
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
Can ’ t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
The service was excellent , the coffee was good even by starbucks standards and the food was outstanding .
The food was excellent as well as service , however , I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
Food was okay , nothing great .
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
The food was good too .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
The pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
Portions was just enough for me , but may not be for a big eater .
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
– This place is unbelievably over-rated .
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w/ chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
Not a small feat for good french food in the area .
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
Planet Thai is great !
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you do n't .
Their eggplant is so delicate , sweet tender !
The service we experienced was friendly and good .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
While I could have done without the youth who shared the evening with us , our wonderful server and food made the experience a very positive one .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
Love Al Di La
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
In Grammercy/Union Square/East Village this is my neighbors and my favorite spot .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
The music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
Great food !
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
I 've had the Jellyfish , Horse Mackerel , Blue Fin Tuna and the Sake Ikura roll among others , and they were all good .
If you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm ... .. everything is just delicious .
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucous dinner .
The pancakes were certainly inventive but $ 8.50 for 3 - 6 '' pancakes ( one of them was more like 5 '' ) in the pancake flight ( sample of 3 different pancakes ) is well over-priced .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
food was fine , with a some little-tastier-than-normal salsa .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
Oh , and the cheese fries are awesome !
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
I am amazed by the poor reviews- I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian- great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
The staff is n't the friendliest or most competent , and I am stickler for service , but everything else about this place makes up for it .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded , but the service is excellent and it 's great for friends out , a romantic date , or a special occassion .
The wine the service was very good too .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
My father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
It was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and undistinguished .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
The music is great , no night better or worse , the bar tenders are generous with the pouring , and the lighthearted atmosphere will lifts you spirits .
And the food is fantastic .
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality -- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
The caeser salad was great .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
Good Food , Great Service , Average Prices ( For the Strip )
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
Love Pizza 33 ...
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
Also love their caeser salad .
– Schooner or Later 's charming location along the marina in Long Beach and average food does not , unfortunately , compensate for its very poor customer service .
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience .
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
during busy hrs , i recommend that you make a reservation .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
The steak is good , the fish is good and the sushi was surprisingly great .
First of all , this place is *not* romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
The food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
Love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
Service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
As BFC does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert , it was overpriced and fell short on taste .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
Cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly -- not too sweet , but full of flavor .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
Everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !
– Eggs , pancakes , potatoes , fresh fruit and yogurt -- everything they serve is delicious .
You can not go wrong with this place .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
However , our main course was wonderful .
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
From the beginning , we were met by friendly staff memebers , and the convenient parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat .
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
I 'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
The avocado salad is a personal fave .
Okay service .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
great beer
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
mojitos and the service are the best part in there
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
I go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
Good Sushi , High Price
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
Taxan delicious !
Plus they made a perfect martini .
We recently spent New Year 's Eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
Slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
The pizza was great .
Good eats .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
I 'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much ... and we 're repeat customers .
The service was superb , they treat you like family .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me .
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
Good food .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
The pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza ( at least I do n't think they ever made it before this year ) ... but it was worth the wait .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
Food awesome .
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great .
It ? s served with either a peppercorn sauce or red wine reduction , though both were indistinguishable in taste .
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the `` free '' appetizer of olives was disappointing .
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
love the food .
The only thing that strikes you is the decor ? ( not very pleasant ) .
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
It is also extremely well priced .
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu .
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
Meal was very expensive for what you get .
When I got there I sat up stairs where the atmosphere was cozy & the service was horrible !
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
Reliable , Fresh Sushi
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
Space was limited , but the food made up for it .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
I absolutely Loved this place .
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
night without a reservation , we had to wait at the bar for a little while , but the manager was so nice and made our wait a great experience .
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
This place is a must visit !
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
Service was prompt and courteous .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
Great open and friendly ambience .
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
The onion rings are great !
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
Also , the staff is very attentive and really personable .
Finally , I got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
They serve it in a tall , skinny hour-glass shaped glass to disguise the fact that you a getting a small juice at the price of a half gallon in a supermarket .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
This place has great indian chinese food .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
The food is good , the teriyaki I recommend .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
Try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
Service was good and so was the atmosphere .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
Food is excellent .
Food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds ! !
Decor leaves something to be desired .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
Go with the specials , and stay away from the salmon .
And the service was simply spendid - quite a delight .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
Not because I was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
The bagel was huge .
The Dim Sum was so-so , but not spectacular .
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
The food is great and authentic .
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
The food is great and they have a good selection of wines at reasonable prices .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
Again , the waitress was awesome .
The food 's as good as ever .
This place is incredibly tiny .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
Also , I personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
the food - not worth the price .
The pizza ’ s are thin crust and the menu offers very creative combinations and toppings .
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .